[Music]
then Deborah and barrack the son of a B
no 'm sang on that day when leaders lead
in israel when the people willingly
offer themselves bless the lord here o
kings give ear o Prince's I even I will
sing to the Lord I will sing praise to
the Lord God of Israel Lord when you
went out from seer when you marched from
the field of Edom the earth trembled in
the heavens poured the clouds also
poured water the mountains gushed before
the Lord
this Sinai before the Lord God of Israel
in the days of Shamgar the son NF in the
days of jail the highways were deserted
and the travelers walked along the
byways village life ceased it ceased in
Israel until I Deborah arose arose a
mother in Israel they chose new gods
then there was war in the gates not a
shield or spear was seen among forty
thousand in Israel my heart is with the
rulers of Israel who offered themselves
willingly with the people blessed the
Lord speak you who ride on white donkeys
who sit in judges attire and who walk
along the road far from the noise of the
archers among the watering places there
they shall recount the righteous acts of
the
the righteous acts for his villagers in
Israel then the people of the Lord shall
go down to the games awake awake
Deborah awake awake sing the song arise
Bay RAC and lead your captives away o
son of Obinna one then the survivors
came down the people against the nobles
the Lord came down for me against the
mighty from Ephraim were those whose
roots were in Amalek after you Benjamin
with your peoples from make ear rulers
came down and from Zebulon those who
bear the recruiters staff and the
princes of Issachar were with Deborah as
is a car so was Bay RAC sent into the
valley under his command among the
divisions of Reuben there were great
resolves of heart why did you sit among
the sheep folds to hear the piping's for
the flocks the divisions of Reuben have
great searchings of
Gillian stayed beyond the Jordan and why
did Dan remain on ships
Asher continued at the seashore and
stayed by his England's Zebulon is a
people who jeopardized their lives to
the point of death
NAFTA lie also on the heights of the
battlefield the Kings came and fought
then the kings of Canaan fought in taya
neck by the waters of Megiddo they took
no spoils of silver
they fought from the heavens the stars
from their courses fought against Sisera
the torrent of kai-shan swept them away
that ancient torrent the torrent of
kai-shan oh my soul march on in strength
then the horse's hooves pounding the
galloping galloping of his steeds curse
Mira's said the angel of the Lord curse
its inhabitants bitterly because they
did not come to the help of the Lord to
the help of the Lord against the mighty
most blessed among women is jail the
wife of Heber the tonight blessed is she
among women in tents he asked for water
she gave milk she brought out cream in a
lordly Bowl she stretched her hand to
the tent peg her right hand to the
workman's hammer she pounded Sisera she
pierced his head she splits and struck
through his temple at her feet he sank
he fell he lay still at her feet
he sank he fell where he sank there
the mother of Cicero looked through the
window and cried out through the lattice
why is his chariot so long in coming why
Terry's the clatter of his chariots the
wisest ladies answered yes she answered
herself
are they not finding and dividing the
spoil to every man a girl or two for
Sisera plunder of dyed garments plunder
of garments embroidered and dyed two
pieces of dyed embroidery for the neck
of the looter thus let all your enemies
perish Oh Lord but let those who love
him be like the Sun when it comes out in
full strength so the land had rest for
forty years
[Music]